# Predicting-anime-popularity-for-anime-streaming-service-company-in-China

There is a recent boom in anime "Demon slayer: Kimetsu No Yaiba", especially in Japan, where the anime has become a hot topic even among people who don't normally watch anime. Its movie grossed over 30 billion yen at the box office and has become the top 1 movie in Japan. This anime became very popular in China as well. As we searched for "Demon slayer" and some other very popular anime such as "Attack On Titan" on several Chinese streaming platforms including bilibili, youku, iQIYI, etc., we noticed that they are only available on one or a few platforms. This is because these platforms bought the licence for broadcasting an anime so that they are the only platforms allowed to broadcast it or that they can broadcast them before any other platforms are allowed to broadcast. Therefore, the platforms with the licence are the only choices for users who want to watch the anime. Moreover, the platforms may charge users for the popular anime, and since there is no other platform with the right to broadcast the anime, users will have to pay in order to watch full episodes of the anime, which brings huge revenue to the platforms. There are many new anime coming out each season and streaming platforms have to decide which anime to invest in. An anime streaming service company may therefore be very interested in predicting what anime are more likely to be popular, i.e. predicting the rating of an anime, so that they can purchase the licence to broadcast these anime before the other competitors do.

Suppose we are an anime streaming service company in China. We plan to investigate in supervised learning to predict the rating of anime (regression task) and whether the anime will be popular or not (classification task) in order to make better decisions on what anime to invest in and how much we should invest in to increase the revenue of the company. 

We can classify an anime into popular or unpopular by performing classification task and broadcast the popular anime. We may also be interested in predicting the rating of anime. For example, on a scale of 1 to 10, we may want to buy licence to be the only platform allowed to broadcast only for the anime predicted to rate above 9, as this type of licence is more expensive. For anime predicted to rate 7 to 9, we may want to buy licence to be one of the platforms that are allowed to broadcast the anime earlier than some other platforms. Predicting the rating of anime helps to make better decisions on what type of licence we buy for an anime and to reduce the cost. We can also decide what price we should charge the users, since the users are more willing to pay a higher price only for the very popular animes. 

In a word, being able to predict the popularity of an anime can be useful in making good decisions that help increase the revenue of the company. In addition, we may use our predictions to provide a ranking (e.g. "editor's choice") and suggest our users what to pick. 
 




